♪♪♪
♪ There's gonna be a lot of noise
Get ready, ready for a lot of noise
♪ Clap your hands and make a lot of noise
It's a truck party so come on and listen to this
♪ There's a mess in the forest
Trees and branches, twigs and leaves
♪ We need some crushing and loading
♪ Mulching and dozing
Get this dirt clean
♪ And get loud (get loud)
Give me a claw!
Give me a mulcher!
Give me trucks!
Give me more builders!
Give me noise!
Give me more!
Give me a beat to clean the forest!
Grab a branch!
Swivel around!
Need a mulcher that can mulch!
Turn back!
Call it down!
It's about to get loud!
♪ There's gonna be a lot of noise
Get ready, ready for a lot of noise
♪ Clap your hands and make a lot of noise
It's a truck party and the trucks are here to hear
♪♪♪
♪ If a tree falls in the forest and no one's around
Does it make a sound?
♪ These trucks must have heard
Some trees falling so they've come to get down
♪ And get loud (get loud)
This ain't a library!
It's not a church!
We're not sitting in a classroom!
There's no shushing!
No whispering!
This is where we make the noise!
We clap our hands!
We slap the ground!
We get loud in life!
What is that you say?
Speak up!
When you're surrounded by trucks!
♪ They're going to make
A lot of noise
♪ Get ready, ready for a lot of noise
♪ Clap your hands and make a lot of noise
♪ It's about to get so loud, break it down
The excavator claw
Is in the house now!
And he brought his friends!
The bulldozer and the mulcher...
Look at that conveyer spin!
We're in the forest!
Having a good time!
But we're working hard!
We turn a wood pile
Into a mulch pile!
And tear the brush apart!
♪ There's a mess in the forest
Trees and branches, twigs and leaves
♪ We need some crushing and loading
♪ Mulching and dozing
Get this dirt clean
♪ And get loud (get loud)
♪ There's gonna be a lot of noise
Get ready, ready for a lot of noise
♪ Clap your hands and make a lot of noise
♪ It's a truck party so come on and listen to this
♪♪♪